now it's on other developing story c. b. s. news today fired at jfk your executive producer of sixty minutes it's been thirty six years of the network us in a year now for the most powerful men in broadcasting figure c. b. s. chairman and ceo leslie moonves m. c. this is morning coast charlie rose all accused of sexual misconduct have either been fired or resign after we get duncan has always on fader including his controversial tax message jeff angered the executive producer of the oldest and most successful news magazine program in history sixty minutes was fired from cbs news this afternoon in it's more than fifty years on there are only two people in the land that ron cast fager succeeded the show's creator don hewitt in two thousand four baker also recently served as the chairman of the c. b. s. news division of when we cover story and reported on sunday night and it has in fact on monday morning that switch hopeful finger hired charlie rose for multiple roles at the network in november rose was terminated this delight six female former c. b. s. employees told the new yorker dinner with tides employees in ways that made them on comparable after drinking at office parties nineteen current and former employees told the new yorker fager allow harassment in the division fager vehemently denied all of those clients fager continued to come to work on sunday the new yorker reported a new accuser said she felt compelled to speak because she simply can't we figure is back there the article described her as a producer who was an intern at c. b. s. in the early two bells and who said that he groped her at work party in response to that allegation finger told c. b. s. news this is an outbreak is claimed they didn't have been it is wrong thinkers departure comes days after c. b. s. chairman and ceo leslie moonves resigned following allegations of sexual assault and harassment we caught up with c. b. s. news president david roasted and after he briefed the sixty minutes that anxiety has vowed to build the the mistake made today a brooch set think his dismissal is not directly related to the allegations surfaced in press reports which continued to be investigated independently however he violated company policy and it is our commitment to uphold those policies through his attorney trager told c. b. s. news they terminated my contract early because i sent a text message to one of our own cbs reporters demanding that she be fair in covering the story by language was harsh c. b. s. did not like it i am that reporter since death anger problem we've referred to are saying today i wanna be transparent out at first here's some background sunday evening ivory stout to favor for comment on the articles alleging he groped for tax cbs employees and company parties in addition to denying the charges fager an attack said to me quote if you repeat the false accusations without any of your own reporting to back them up you will be held responsible for harming me when on to say be careful there are people lost their jobs trying to harm me and if you pass on these damaging claims without your own reporting to back them not that we calm a serious problem sixty minutes will answer it fifty first season on the leadership of executive editor bill collins while the search for a new executive producer began its jack radio i'm i have talked about how incredibly difficult covering this story has been for you then on this lot since the beginning of don five great work if it's difficult enough without dealing with this that message was on acceptable hiding it's important for you to know for everyone to know back in highway the entire thing kneading it supports you one hundred percent surgery to thank you thank you