we tried to tell you is the enters its fourth spot instead you continue to sell look for propaganda down the throats of your viewers every single chance to to collect it and now yes pianos flying off now want that to you about ten one one hundred on air personalities and writers because well they're just running out on a running our viewers that is totally belly or broken clock is right twice a day and so this article from the carpet is network is accurate yes pianos coming in number of its most familiar faces as carl larger way off of one hundred on air person alleys and riders use the end and release the full list of those but no one among the gods are former nfl quarterback inanimate trade deal for prom nfl report and we're seeing your baseball writer jason's bargain host a j. crawford all of whom i shared the news about themselves on twitter most of the people affected by the job cuts include television radio and on their personalities were informed of the citizen and spent a couple of that guys are at your ion in many of the way off the effect immediately the source told the counterfeit news network that he is the end also plans to cut the number of additional off their employees as well when searching for answers about why this is happening while i check out this article rapper bring our run by private cars buses sports writing a book on the liberal perfection here's how it happened that he writes there was a time when filling your column with liberal ideas on race class gender and labor policy got a dog a sociologist these days such views are likely to get you a job off but it doesn't hurt of course before the layoffs but half of course liberalism is the cancer in that cancer always is trying to kill opposed itself in this case the liberal cancer is destroying the s. p. n. b. continue segall from selection was really an excellent for james fallows already sweeping across sports writing on issues that divide the big almost three years there was now something like a consensus and see double a. amateurism is brought to washington redskins nickname is more rotten l. d. d. t. athletes audrey welcome robin and fell under any injuries are the great scandal of the nfl he writes the sun block is a black sports it was over at fox sports why man he recently gave an interview with sporting news release got off on the liberal sports media speaking of his memoirs he says quote i think we're the alternative for sports fans who respected and light drizzle sports values of faith with the alternative for mainstream sports fans louis coaches athletes sports moms and dads pettigrew the alternate route for people wanting your authentic conversation and debate rather than words crafted for sweater applauds favor the alternative for miller got blue color or sports fans a big with the alternative for people who don't think every ms spoken word is of why rubble all friends use p. n. caters to the elites safe space crowd we cater to the people who love to tailgate and knocked down to six fact may recall last year baseball it was curt schilling got fired for posting them name on his personal facebook days that was deemed it friends of all but we show you exactly what that means was this is what causes cooper to be in jeopardy it says let him in to the restroom with your daughter or else you're a narrow minded judgmental on loving raises the kids that beats that by the crazy thing is is that if the liberals get their way creatures like this will be legally allowed into the women's locker rooms this isn't just about the bathrooms this just to get a foot in it for this is really about locker rooms showers changing rooms etc so curt schilling expresses disagreement with this radical leftist mentally ill agenda that locals are closing and so he got fired for me is the u. s. p. n. president john skipper who some speculate what they throw his hat in the rain all politics says we're going for governor or fries didn't even admits quote it is accurate that the walt disney company which owns used him avoid any sdn are committed to diversity and inclusion these are longstanding values that drive fundamental fairness while providing us with the widest possible pool of talent to greet the smartest and most creative staff we do not view this as a political stance put a human stands we do not think that tolerances the domain of a particular political philosophy course let's not forget the s. p. n. decide to give the kid would generally arthur ashe courage award not long ago in a shameful publicity is don't the promoted trans gender resume and it was just last week that he is the n.'s max kellerman get triggered an upset because the picture is the senate to visit the white house and he said that by robert how's the franking sean spicer it's normalizing a tyrannical regime you just you don't which adorn his piano executive this mob is working health it's at the award by state for watching those got to let sam a project that fear every neighbor you're aboard the u. s. will continue to denounce exposed and added that laughed at these liberal would fix itself season