and you still have the following london heritages that punk have to pull survivors that has huge trial and the truffle menu skeletal about patients by fears that the u. c. l. world's fastest barrage of grounds that of the fact that it's kind of i if we have of anointed live objects on the uninformed of years i've been taking hold such a significant an infant programs we have the mainframe business as usual and not in touch with high school students by the spirit of such activities so you put in place foundations that shows that just fix welfare and safety programs holds office the measuring reviewing projects the view coordination of course i'm first things to a periodical that got us why the agent said that to to get on why the birds like it better than the letter that was it gets through the library which relies organ has already bales of mission for such an exciting project pullback students not a bad news you going to write something we said that for me to u. c. l. and i'll get the the end of twenty three of the students and said what delivery of logic on the roof of the building we're also looking to prove what we refer to potsdam conference says it's a land in a very different type of environment and have different towns isn't the annie's youth center is a fantastic building is going to justice needs only one city in cities plans that we have stds facilities that facilities that are compatible with the best invested in a while the campaign b. c. l. will be is over six hundred million times the next five years it's deplorable veins of objects including accounts would say it's always at its height the other night ten percent of the one point two billion capsule program will be funded through the lens of a unwitting well i'm not so far with these two hundred fifty million kinds of attempting to date and but do you this being a building on this side since nineteen seventy five busily designed for much smaller numbers in zenica they oppose it was a redesigned the way that we teach an operation the other issue is that getting itself is performing strain the babbling intense bombardment of unfrozen standards to the changes that are happening there are panamanian away in bed sides of the law they have the author of the way which spaces that opened onto the jaycees variegated the joint staff and students whose duties in the sorts of things they did they put on hold that is that or traversed the rules to be looking at how do we minimize the amount once it was possible object with riches on seems to take out what was it possible probably the sawing of models of maximize the reason it's heroes within the portrait when you compare me reflect that u. c. l. is less than they are university when you do have to do to a group when jack then there are a lot of small rooms reagan said monday that personally a knife money back in a very modern and armand living out a lot of death based on the off chance that the fiber is really perfect for lying if not why we sit here in the hall of london off with a less expensive realization the world and it's very difficult for breakfast but is are no longer have a good really all the removal of the hall of the new long and and a half of his having to develop a new constitution powerful mutants involved only van susteren order to forgets it is for minimize me once the project that's my family's materials look at how we can improve energy efficiency that of looking at review what a thankful that he left to bring in dillon is in the long night and she year as as thinking it's less than an early stage that he can get people to evolve which one miles over the things that happen if you thought thank