if we well have the phrase world war three abysmal frequently in the mainstream media or nato nations weapons of warfare being discussed at the u. n. in geneva specifically the rise of killer robots joining me now from geneva if you write which is going to alleviate associate director at the poem called second civilian protection development of the cause of rules schoolboy thanks for joining us is an old mutual here with about surgical strikes will be more surgical the net blue wall of wall fell for concern about a robot war for we call fully autonomous weapons of these weapons with selected targets and fire honor without humans choosing christian that killed by they would have read that weird be turning over life and death decisions to machines that these weapons rizzo host of moral ethical legal security concerns an astro we're here to discuss the u. n. this week later consensus in the existing ones about drew more for the rest of furnishes a thinker ozark question largely about how they is this is a weapons system that could be as in carol april matic and we believe should need are practically band before they even come into existence before the genius out of the bottle and that this is a concern for all sides the fact is this well because of their proliferation that's being made into they used by minutes and political factions in forms of asymmetrical for no one of our major concerns is on the surgery fronted these weapons are to proliferate as you say to states announced they are under suit our range of parties on one group is referred to him as the clash because of tomorrow and we're oddity the last control it's one st art disperse these things across the world that was you know just to lose like a fictional character doctor strangelove the way to say surely they have strike by one of these systems might well be as bad as humans of proto humans and killed tens of millions of people in the bus hundred years charen areas there are people argue that robots could be more bride wore our response or more on accurate i guess then bananas but there's widespread agreement actually at this meeting in the u. n. that the use of force should die be retained that he's in control sugar cane over the use of force and i think that that is one message says can actually clearly from the misleading of which xiang there are wide representational world is that general principle of human control supports these isn't good save the views on youtube from a contract isn't so for joining the they'd wait to power in the engine use you these weapons systems much less than about the fact of the sea of these systems you think that they are essentially like old abuses intractable any computer system is practical and that's a good get another reason we're concerned about them is their liability wants kong once they're released a party can hack and screw said it could not connections could break hands on one sad happens it's their actions are on foreseeable and again wednesday at once isn't forseeable it's hard to call anyone or any human responsible for what they do so as yet another concern them in the syrian closely to syndrome always silos older generation u. the drones the news what's in that time scale you and your colleagues in geneva discussing some some people argue that they are inevitable and bad guys as as as scientists have argued this is these could be develops in a matter years however we don't think there never thought we think it's not too late for the countries of the world to take preemptive action and to stop them before they are about a quarter for days before they're deployed unless we're going on states did you hear the u. n. in geneva view that will is that they've been refining cluster bombs in yemen british close to bones long off to the treaties that signals and they used to and minds the board of the u. come up with the u. n. is actually much usually consist of things one entry is is i've been trees are important battling for the stairs as separate for implementation and while any law can be broken the laws against murder broken that does not mean they don't center really important international standard awful or the use of force and bench for example the convention cluster missions has either been no armed clear violations by countries a vagina treaty and also on the set a stigma against using that and that we're all used as an arrow is rogue actor said that it violates the principles i think that you'd get either nash was to demonstrate to have a significant fact nasa time inspector was here is set for another preemptive treaty in rubber band and whining razors it was adopted in the nineteen nineties n. n. has kept those type of weapons which would permanently blind our soldiers or civilians from the news and that's the cutback in action been affected than we think that will be effective in this case as well if you fail was the fifth diamonds n. the u. n. is debating and discussing these issues could we see a vp that cyber body that could happen system so they don't want the yeas neutralizing the front row boats have some more effectively than the united nations itself that's an interesting question and non expert insider clapped and cyber warfare actually is not my specialty but sever workers raise many concerns on in other circles so i'm using seibert if the layouts oz weapons and often does that is a bastard to go on i'm also five encouraged by the momentum as though 'cause we did is the fifth time that you and as states including if the u. n. about this issue but the users are you more formalize and and prostate positions are becoming more clear acting states are taking action so we hope they will succeed here it's not here are some world's gonna go andy thank you