new tools for romance praise the bones just get dead tool marks and they say she's basically audience now beat it sounded so my youth to body is what exactly daddy's basically laying on sundays this is or is this is the listening porn we basically give the painting or days are bodyguard is j.'s you get musical revue analyze barney cause lot you know so basically every sunday you got a taste with max roach less crazy a new talked long you know around seventy six and sounds in gary sims rules david's man calm and you know in our goal toward the audience these ads are you letting the old board in our hearts on what would you would you be good with the gauguin a menace the mind is the if the bags are you so many mornings the day music starts using these days for everybody to be with him what aren't so that's actually not why did you see they are hadn't wanted to talk to you guess about a very serious situation on a couple days ago and it comes into our freedoms are gone j. c. n. n. the you know we would like they are specifically the only being so if you haven't are really key kill yourself right now are these grave is one agrees the props on something you know it's it's the state and down like one of the old named obviously is apples and oranges music is automatically subjected by the fall on the weekend gasping to get because how was this a deal with a new laws listen to now saddam offer a moonlight night baby the nail on things easy by aids give out like a marla maples did explain by outside figured out and go by the o. j. easy we s. on his soul seal political commentary was just on the end of the high you read music in padua rates you see it go to leave nothing really to leave helping see a way to believe that you you don't say it is like that and medical aid against any whose views the crime scene is three days old seat syllable holly single whenever one state you know and what is the v. these unfair that it uses the most you order's leader the old paper the mocking the j. c. this is so wholly you know saving these days when he does in his words mayonnaise these incredible in mocking you don't say about deals with this lab's goal goal big well we use robs the yeas last got we won't go slack off almost robson get all are you most able to knock the one that go all on baffled phenomenal job to job they what they can hold on to that the daisy you see as the motive for the sake of losing all the talk about james come fool's his musical he just didn't lose the vehemence one particular one saved you gave nothing now made something you would what i've been through and through when i did on the news with its who's use is the old one of you play as hot as israel is is we we got the gold medal by years of being what it would ya think how little we got to wonder if you read sucker days the wedding and the probable before you