it into that alive and nato led coalition militarily intervene in libya and helping antigovernment fighters move long time leader one part of the hockey fans a witness of the mass than a lot of that has to deal with its relationship with the united states of the thing with lydia first became independent country in nineteen fifty want a selfless twenty king it is the first lock and key bridge to an american military bases on libya soil in exchange for a some years later oil reserves were discovered and foreign companies moved to an end to extract a profit of ensured lady benefited by at the price of its own economic independence selling came an army officer by the name of want to have to move in nineteen sixty nine overthrew he treats his vision for libya for the libyans by the libyans and onto my feeling the pan arab this socialist fever that was overtaken the region the nineteen sixties he was leading to the economically independent and lady di light and themes the means of production oil production that is for military bases were shut down and the national will corporation it was established in nineteen seventy three turned out to be a pretty busy here gadhafi had tended to nationalize of whale demanding that all foreign companies negotiate new contract that would benefit when the oriental that he also used to be as well as a political bargaining chip the arab israeli war was raging and when introduced it will embargo against any country supporting israel and he didn't take long for opec countries to follow suit and basically created international pancake especially the united states is the seventies and the u. s. listing lately as a quote state sponsored terrorism after mob set fire to a u. s. embassy in tripoli in the eighties ronald reagan's presidency meant a stronger foreign policy towards an anti israel pro soviet lydia today we have done what we have to do necessarily we shall do and in addition to sanctions it reagan authorize the bombing of tripoli and the diocese and was in retaliation for nineteen eighty six attack on a german nightclub they killed and injured dozens of u. s. servicemen in haiti in libya was accused of being behind the bombing of pan am flight one of three over lockerbie scotland two hundred and seventy people were killed when the refuse of cooperate with u. n. investigations and that man everyone's favorite but school ignore sanctions then in the late nineteenth and early two thousands lydia began taking steps towards opening up of the war in two thousand three u. n. sanctions were lifted after witty accepted responsibility for the lockerbie bombing had agreed to a few point seven billion dollars in compensation to the victims' families surely after listening to it even more staff to shrug off its image as a dangerous state working with the united nations to prove that he wasn't interested in developing weapons of mass destruction the united states to notice and lifted sanctions when the act and also try to normal isolationist and part of that normalization whale in generations lived with the allied u. s. companies seeking for oil exploration for the first time since this time he's left in ninety six twenty years later probably coincidentally the new must have lived off of that state sponsors of terrorism and while this is happening olympians are getting fed off your fat alfred decades of gadhafi's brutal cold and wet fleeing for the well while the trickle downs selling to the land along with the rest of the regional libya iraq and protests thousands came out into the streets of the guys see if every hour that you're against gadhafi's autocratic rule if professor mass of violence and the situation quickly became so bloody civil war between forces loyal to the coffee and grappled with them less than a month later the u. n. approved and the allied military intervention in helping bring in a new era for live yes let that new era has a look so hot intervening powers in conflict with the flat while i just didn't take that event while the country has since only teach here it more english as contested leadership decreased of the helpless and i think alexis countries cloth and how the u. s. has received a military strikes again when he and his timing as i said spoke don't leave yet ever be allowed to stand on itself and thought i hope for