and boom boom and let's get back in time for a minute is june the twenty four twenty six days they often that rex a referendum to postpone this surprise the u. k. has now reverted to leave the yen was something strange is happening the economy is unfolding off a cliff of some of the tapes and there's no imminent self inflicted possession of the treasury's protection of eight hundred thousand jobs are brought to this event it's west hazel and also as i look of blood that was actually happened to the economies of the bugs and what impact of breaks it really have found that it that that you've got through the powerful ten percent in the v. off to the result has been little recovered against the year or two about how this contract out of the one gulf but vital information isn't isn't revived read the chocolate some old aspects of your name and the economy is about one point nine percent slower but for bricks of economists expected it to the at this point that's a thirty eight billion pounds on the malls what about the future at kind and the what los twenty five twenty nine seemed that i'd written officially leaves the u. n. no one who changed the head transition two we raise the yugoslav faldo who say the single malt and customs you until december thirty first twenty twenty ths has mrs can rest easy but going back to its path of stevenson says will continue to five hundred was less and what sort of customs a range of the u. k. and you would agree on one trying to use the u. k. can strike winners for the service and powerful goods i'm an audience was top secret documents for one side show the government's an analysis of how clinton will affect the carli so what do they tell us first thought they say that almost every sector of the economy in every u. k. region will be well as soft on bowl like the practice of dollars the depending on how hollow perplexity his losses are expected to gain knowledge to present unless all income or fourteen billion pounds and yet if britain's that is a member of the single market adults norway's relationship v. a. five percent of bustling town if britain just as a free trade deal with the u. four eighty percent of national income defense and gary hall operative of it raised with the u. on the world trade organization moves in each case the government expects tax revenues will be hit me that there's less money returns that the fossils of metal says arcs back to the country twenty the eighty billion pounds a year and have been found and whatsoever by giving them the office of busted was full of receives now for the u. k. calmly went through foster that about one point five percent a year and of course for the second level doing depends a lot of reasons we've done it will manufacturers fierce political pawns across the u. without the delays of boulders can help these high of eighty one 'cause they need to do when he and beggar to barry is erected companies are reluctant to invest heavily in the past silva's priority of the outcome of the directive told us that britain's long so excellent relationship that eventually come clear that the old and of bottle fed to be in the old and still have to make his way to politburo lot of code for an effect set in stone